Diagram vnext docs (#3677)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/diagram/shapes.md

</TelerikDiagram>
````

### Connector Offset

> The `Offset` parameter allows you to move connectors away from their default positions. This is useful for better alignment on custom shapes or when you need to adjust connector positioning for visual clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Offset` parameter allows you to move connectors away from their default positions. This is useful for better alignment on custom shapes or when you need to shift connectors for visual clarity.
```

The `Offset` value is a pixel distance that moves the connector from its default position.

To configure connector offset globally for all Shapes, use the `Offset` parameter of `<DiagramShapeDefaultsConnectorDefaults>` inside `<DiagramShapeDefaults>`.

To configure connector offset for a specific Shape, use the `Offset` parameter of `<DiagramShapeConnectorDefaults>` inside `<DiagramShape>`.

> You can also set the offset for individual connectors using the `Offset` parameter of `<DiagramShapeConnector>` or `<DiagramShapeDefaultsConnector>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To configure connector offset globally for all Shapes, use the `Offset` parameter of `<DiagramShapeDefaultsConnectorDefaults>` inside `<DiagramShapeDefaults>`.
* To configure connector offset for a specific Shape, use the `Offset` parameter of `<DiagramShapeConnectorDefaults>` inside `<DiagramShape>`.
* To set the offset for individual connectors, use the `Offset` parameter of `<DiagramShapeConnector>` or `<DiagramShapeDefaultsConnector>`.
```

</TelerikDiagram>
````

> ### Resize Handle Offset

Reviewer: Consider merging this section with the parent section and using a single example.
